Add 4C community description (#438)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/readthedocs/developer_life_cycle.rst

.. _DeveloperLifeCycle:

Developer life cycle model
==========================

> Becoming a Developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Becoming a member of the developer group
```
?

--------------------

> Contributors who actively engage with the project - whether by submitting meaningful pull requests, reviewing code, participating in discussions, or assisting with issues - may be invited to join the :ref: `developer` group.

Reviewer: I would add a note like: "Remember, you do not have to be a member of the developer group to contribute!"

Author: I added with `note::` . Let us see whether this is too prominent.

Inactivity and Removal
----------------------

> Open-source projects evolve, and contributor activity may fluctuate. If a developer has not been actively contributing for a significant period of time (e.g., 12 months), they may be removed from the developer group. This ensures that active maintainers are overseeing the approval and merging process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open-source projects evolve, and contributor activity may fluctuate. If a developer has not been actively contributing for a significant period of time (e.g., 12 months), they may be removed from the developer group. This ensures that active community members are overseeing the approval and merging process.
```

Author: Corrected. Thanks.
